## Term change

* Submitter: Darwin Core Data Package Coordination Team
* Efficacy Justification (why is this term necessary?): see [Darwin Core Data Package (DwC-DP) Implementation Experience and Feature Report](https://gbif.github.io/dwc-dp/docs/dwc_dp_implementation_feature_reports.pdf)
* Demand Justification (name at least two organizations that independently need this term): see [Darwin Core Data Package (DwC-DP) Implementation Experience and Feature Report](https://gbif.github.io/dwc-dp/docs/dwc_dp_implementation_feature_reports.pdf)
* Stability Justification (what concerns are there that this might affect existing implementations?): None
* Implications for dwciri: namespace (does this change affect a dwciri term version)?: To be determined by DwC-MG

Current Term definition: http://rs.tdwg.org/dwc/terms/nameAccordingTo

Proposed attributes of the new term version (Please put actual changes to be implemented in **bold** and ~strikethrough~):

* Term name (in lowerCamelCase for properties, UpperCamelCase for classes): ~nameAccordingTo~ **nameAccordingTo**
* Term label (English, not normative): ~Name According To~ **Name According To**
* Organized in Class (e.g., Occurrence, Event, Location, Taxon): Identification
* New definition of the term (normative): **A reference to the source in which a specific taxon concept circumscription is defined or implied - traditionally signified by the Latin "sensu" or "sec." (from secundum, meaning "according to"). For taxa that result from identifications, a reference to the keys, monographs, experts and other sources should be given.**
* Previous definition of the term: ~The reference to the source in which the specific taxon concept circumscription is defined or implied - traditionally signified by the Latin "sensu" or "sec." (from secundum, meaning "according to"). For taxa that result from identifications, a reference to the keys, monographs, experts and other sources should be given.~
* New usage comments (recommendations regarding content, etc., not normative): **This term provides context to the dwc:scientificName. Together with the dwc:scientificName, separated by sensu or sec., it forms the taxon concept label, which may be seen as having the same relationship to dwc:taxonConceptID as, for example, dwc:acceptedNameUsage has to dwc:acceptedNameUsageID. When not provided, in Taxon Core data sets the dwc:nameAccordingTo can be taken to be the data set. In this case the data set mostly provides sufficient context to infer the delimitation of the taxon and its relationship with other taxa. In Occurrence Core data sets, when not provided, dwc:nameAccordingTo can be an underlying taxonomy of the data set, e.g. Plants of the World Online (http://powo.science.kew.org/) for vascular plant records in iNaturalist (in which case it should be provided), or, which is the case for most dwc:PreservedSpecimen data sets, the dwc:Identification, in which case there is no further context.** 
* Previous usage comments: ~This term provides context to the dwc:scientificName. Together with the dwc:scientificName, separated by `sensu` or `sec.`, it forms the taxon concept label, which may be seen as having the same relationship to dwc:taxonConceptID as, for example, dwc:acceptedNameUsage has to dwc:acceptedNameUsageID. When not provided, in Taxon Core data sets the dwc:nameAccordingTo can be taken to be the data set. In this case the data set mostly provides sufficient context to infer the delimitation of the taxon and its relationship with other taxa. In Occurrence Core data sets, when not provided, dwc:nameAccordingTo can be an underlying taxonomy of the data set, e.g. Plants of the World Online (http://powo.science.kew.org/) for vascular plant records in iNaturalist (in which case it should be provided), or, which is the case for most dwc:PreservedSpecimen data sets, the dwc:Identification, in which case there is no further context.~
* New examples (not normative): **`Franz NM, Cardona-Duque J (2013) Description of two new species and phylogenetic reassessment of Perelleschus Wibmer & O’Brien, 1986 (Coleoptera: Curculionidae), with a complete taxonomic concept history of Perelleschus sec. Franz & Cardona-Duque, 2013. Syst Biodivers. 11: 209–236.` (as the full citation of the Franz & Cardona-Duque (2013) in Perelleschus splendida sec. Franz & Cardona-Duque (2013))**
* Previous examples (not normative): ~`Franz NM, Cardona-Duque J (2013) Description of two new species and phylogenetic reassessment of Perelleschus Wibmer & O’Brien, 1986 (Coleoptera: Curculionidae), with a complete taxonomic concept history of Perelleschus sec. Franz & Cardona-Duque, 2013. Syst Biodivers. 11: 209–236.` (as the full citation of the Franz & Cardona-Duque (2013) in Perelleschus splendida sec. Franz & Cardona-Duque (2013))~
* Refines (identifier of the broader term this term refines; normative): http://rs.tdwg.org/dwc/terms/version/nameAccordingTo-2023-06-28
* Replaces (identifier of the existing term that would be deprecated and replaced by this term; normative): 
* ABCD 2.06 (XPATH of the equivalent term in ABCD or EFG; not normative): not in ABCD
